You can push your Git repository to different Git
services like GitHub or Azure DevOps.
If you want to handle pull requests for these
services directly in Visual Studio,
you need to install the corresponding Visual Studio extension.
For GitHub, you can use the GitHub extension for Visual Studio.
You'll find more information about this extension on visualstudio.github .com.
For Azure DevOps, you can install the Pull Requests for Visual Studio extension,
and this is exactly what we do now in a demonstration.
You will learn how to install the Pull Requests for Visual
Studio extension to create pull requests for our Azure Repo
directly in Visual Studio.
Let's switch to Visual Studio.
Here in Visual Studio,
let's go to the Extensions menu and let's select here Extensions and Updates.
Now let's click on the left side on Online.
Here is the GitHub extension for Visual Studio.
Now let's use the search box here and let's type in Pull Requests.
And here is now the Pull Requests for Visual Studio extension.
Let's click the Download button.
Now you can see the changes will be scheduled.
The modifications will begin when all Microsoft
Visual Studio windows are closed.
So let's close this Visual Studio window.
Now the installer starts,
and now I get this dialog to install the Pull
Requests for Visual Studio extension.
Let's click on Modify to install this extension.
Now the installation is complete and the Pull Requests for
Visual Studio extension was installed.
Let's close this dialog, and let's create a pull request in Visual Studio in the next clip.